java c AcF211 Coursework Michaelmas Term 2024 There is one piece of coursework for this course worth 25% of the marks for this module:You are required to produce a written report that addresses two questions about information and accounting information systems.  The questions are set out in detail below.  The written report has a word limit of 1200 words, excluding references, and should be submitted electronically through the Moodle portal using 12 point Arial font. You do not need to provide an introduction or conclusion for your report , but it should be written in good English using appropriate paragraphs and grammar.  Bullet points are not acceptable for this assignment. Specifically, you are required to; o Identify what you think are the two most important characteristics of useful information for a shareholder of a manufacturing company and justify your choices.  You should describe in your own words each of  the  two characteristics you have chosen and then explain clearly why you have chosen these characteristics as being ‘most important’ .  To  answer  this question it will be essential for you to define what you think is meant by ‘most important’ .  As this task requires you to use your own judgement there are no ‘model answers’ .  Instead, your work will be assessed on the quality of your arguments and the clarity of your explanations.  This question is worth 10 marks. o Discuss a real-life example of how an accounting information system has added value to an organisation.   The example can  be an electronic or manual system and can be from any organisation in the world relating to the last five years.  You should describe the example in enough detail for the reader to understand how the system operated.  You should demonstrate that you have understood exactly how the system added value to the organisation and the form. that this value took.  You should ensure that you include the relevant references to the sources of your information, using the Harvard referencing style.  This question is worth 15 marks.There will be a short video on Moodle to provide support and  guidance for this assignment.  There will also be a Moodle forum for you to ask questions relating to this assessment and  lecturers/tutors will  not discuss the assessment criteria outside of this forum.   The forum is principally for queries relating to clarifications and questions such as ‘Is this right?’ will not be ans代 写AcF211 Coursework Michaelmas Term 2024R 代做程序编程语言wered for obvious reasons!The hand-in date for the assignment is the end of week 7 (ie; 22nd November 2024) at  12noon  UK time.    No extensions will be granted except for evidenced medical emergencies and late submission penalties will be applied to work submitted after the deadline. Note: the Department reserves the right to adjust coursework marks after coursework has  been  returned  to  students  to  ensure  that  the  coursework  marks   have  an appropriate  distribution.     Plagiarism  detection  software  will   be  used  to   identify similarities between student work and appropriate marking penalties may be applied to any work which  is  copied  between  students.   In the case of plagiarism  being detected further disciplinary action may be taken in accordance with the University’s regulations.Students will be marked on the basis of work which is their own original material. Students may use generative AI to assist them in the production of material but this must be fully documented so that the marker can evaluate the extent to which the finished assignment is the student’s work. Credit may be given for the appropriate use of AI where relevant prompts are generated by students but this will only be the case where  the  prompts  and  outcomes  are  fully  documented.   For  this  purpose  all students must complete an AI Appendix for their assignment as shown below.Any unreported use of AI will constitute an academic offence and may be subject to disciplinary action. If you have not used AI as part of your work then you must produce an AI Appendix that states this.

AI Appendix Tool Purpose Prompt Outcomes for this assignment What AI What was your What prompt(s) did What did the AI  produce that software did objective when you use to generate you       included       in       the you use? using this software? AI material? assignment?

Example 1; Chat GPT Example 1; Creating a literature review plan Example 1; ‘List some key topics for a literature review of accountability.’ Example 1;Some of the sub-headings for topics covered in section 2 of the report Example 2; Example 2; Example 2; Example 2; Quillbot Revising text throughout the report My original draft report Text throughout the assignment

加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
